The purpose of this web application is to provide memecoin creators and investors with a set of tools that will help standardize the process of launching and marketing memecoins in a fair way. The platform will be called "LaunchView". The key features of this web application are as follows:

1. LaunchWallet - For a given coin, users should be able to establish a "marketing wallet". This marketing wallet will be a wallet that is controlled by LaunchView. The USDC within the marketing wallet can only be used for a few things such as paying for DexScreener Boost (Dex Boost), DexScreenerAds, or Nitro DexTools. Each memecoin can only have one marketing wallet.
2. A voting system which will allow the top 10 holders (Board Members) of a specific memecoin to ask questions for smaller wallets to vote on. For example: "How should we spend the marketing wallet? A) Dex Boost B) Dex Ads or C) Wait until another day". Votes will be publicly visible, but results will not become visible until voting window is closed. When creating the survey, the Board can specify when voting will be closed. Logistically this voting system should work similarly to how stock voting works.
3. Board Members can then submit an order through our platform to buy Dex Boost, optionally including the recent vote result as evidence that LaunchView has the permission of the board to make the purchase using their funds.
4. For a given coin, I would like to display the current "Board Members" defined as the Top 10 Holders. However, please note that sometimes people will distribute their holdings across multiple wallets. It will be the responsibility of the user to connect each of their wallets to their account so that we can identify them as a board member. Each wallet can only be attached to one account. Eventually, I may want to put in place a way of removing a wallet from an account, but for now we can assume that once a wallet is attached to an account, it cannot be undone.
5. Comments feature. Allow users to post comment with a limit of 1 comment every 2 minutes and never more than 3 comments in a row (meaning one user cannot comment 4 times in a row without another user commenting before their 4th comment). Additionally, I would like to denote somewhere in small text that Board Members cannot delete comments.